Install eZ Platform security update (#441)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/install_ez_platform.md

!!! caution

>     For security reasons, in production web server should not have write access to other directories then `var`. Skip step above and follow link below for production needs instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For security reasons, in production web server should not have write access to other directories than `var`. Skip the step above and follow the link below for production needs instead.
```
